[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast it's the 120th time
these idiots have talked my name is jeff
ramsey with me as always gavin free
andrew panton first off i'm just going
to get it out of the way right now [__]
my life and [__] my body how are you
guys doing my team dude
how am i the most healthy one of the
three this has never happened this is a
rare event are you at 100 right now yeah
i feel pretty good how's your ankle
hundred percent still [__] you so it's
it your ankle is that
you could walk a marathon i could
potentially hypothetically but as we
said i'm enjoying this 100 lifestyle for
a little bit ask me the same question
gavin how are you doing man how's your
what percentage are you specifically
asking about my ankles kevin how are
your ankles about 50
what happened i think it was like two
weeks ago eric said i was the andrew of
that podcast probably in the extra
medium [__] yeah i am definitely the
andrew of i have bad ankles oh no well
at 50 would you say your ankles are
extra medium i'd say they couldn't get
more medium than that
man
listen before we get
get uh
off on an aside the extra medium thing
really blew up in a way i did not
anticipate god damn man
never seen nothing
nothing but extra medium [__] for the
last week of a couple days of my life
i've never seen so many regulation
listeners turn in their comment lever
cards i i saw people saying they were
becoming comment leavers just for this
conversation i saw people responding to
those people who became comment leavers
just for that it was like an infection
this is like man this this might be the
most commented thing since since maybe
the pencil or condiments it's been wild
but kevin why are your ankles at 50
means you're in a cast maybe what's
going on
well i'm getting the uh i'm getting the
hockey teeth in my wall fixed
i had to move i had to move my desk but
the desk is
really heavy like without anything on it
and also i didn't want to take
everything off it so i just thought you
know i'll lift up one side sort of
shimmy it round lift up the other side
keep doing that a few times
and uh i did one side the side without
you know just has like a printer on that
side of the legs the other side has like
a big hard drive the big server thing a
big raid and my pc
so i thought oh this one's gonna be a
bit more serious and i gave it a few
little test lifts i was like okay i
think my arms and back can take it here
we go and i just hoisted the whole thing
up instead of lifting the table up i
sank down about two inches as both of my
ankles rolled
and i just ended up just like twisted
outwards just like oh
i just didn't ever consider my ankles to
be the point of failure and i think it's
to do with the fact that i'm still you
know i'm still recovering from the the
pelvic injury from does it do so i maybe
wasn't
stood as straight as i usually am and i
just
i did not expect to go downwards
and then
and i ended up just rolling around the
floor uh once again contemplating my age
and uh career choices can you walk yeah
but you know it kind of hurts to like i
still go on walks and stuff but i just
it starts hurting sooner what i just
need like an mot i just need a look a
look over from a doctor i need x-rays
one side hurt more than the other uh
is one angle ankle worse than the other
ankle no it's a pretty even pop across
both
instead of
i think instead of
instead of going down to a zero percent
on one ankle like breaking it it just
split the damage across both so i'm just
a half one
i i think you're saying the word pop for
effect but when you say it i feel like i
heard like
it was the probably the most bone cracks
i've heard oh
from my body ever because it was both
ankles at the same time it was deafening
i
i'm gonna i these hockey teeth are
troubling me and i'll tell you why i
tried really hard to as a friend to help
this process i just got the impression
you didn't want my help or by uh or my
presence at any point i could have
helped you move this table man i spent
four hours moving back into my bedroom
last night i can do it yeah and i
thought you know it'd be really fun to
try and fix the wall but then i realized
that the people who hacked it to pieces
were more than happy to repair it so i
thought oh i might as well take the free
repair oh yeah yeah that makes sense
i just had to move my desk you know in
the end
after about eight hours of
not being able to walk good i came back
to my desk i took everything off it and
i moved it with great ease
fantastic
so i'm trying to i'm visualizing i don't
know if you remember in old wrestling
games in like the top left corner
there's the outline of the human body
and as areas get hurt more it becomes
like increasingly red so right now i'm
just seeing you with like deep red
ankles
is that the only issue where else on the
body because it sounds like you both are
in trouble imagine
what happened to gavin what happened
no no no here we're we're here gavin
started talking do you think he's gonna
be restarted oh you can't hear me
anymore oh my god you're back
you stopped talking we're a technical
difficulties podcast we were just
talking about no we're not
a technical difficulties podcast yeah i
said i what i said was what did i say i
said yeah imagine um you're playing doom
and my ankles are the doom guy and they
both have nosebleeds i said something
like that
okay
it's a wild visual okay oh i see there's
a screen the old doom yeah where the
hell i get it okay i understood it when
he gets all right
yeah i'm sure the original delivery was
better than me trying to remember i just
no but what about your upper because you
had the other injuries from before so we
got like a yellow midsection what's
going on on the rest of the scale yeah
it has the hamburger on the left hip i'm
probably at eighty percent oh yeah pip
boy
so i'd say yeah both ankles crippled and
uh
left hip left hips just got like half a
bar
okay how about you jeff what's going on
with you
well mine's a whole thing i feel like
we're running through the greatest hits
of jeff's misery
in the last week no i was talking about
this with eric the other day
well first off
i think i had just had the bike wreck
after when i saw you guys last time when
we recorded last time
i was apparently running on adrenaline
uh
and the excitement of having a story to
tell
everything went downhill pretty much
from from that night on
i don't remember what the situation what
the living arrangements were at that
point but there's just been a confluence
of of just [__] myself right in the
butthole well what was it that eric
wrote on on slack yeah that was there's
the big turn because before last time
when we left off there was discussion
around that you were gonna hit a bunch
of baseballs tomorrow morning yeah
that's not happening so yeah this was on
uh the 26th of august eric in the in the
face slack wrote hey after seeing jeff
today there's no way we're hitting
baseballs
yeah which is tomorrow now i'm walking
again so that's good
that's that's your status update is that
you were walking again yeah i'm walking
again fairly well uh i don't think i'm
hitting baseballs or anything um we'll
just go from there so for the bike rack
uh the ankle it turns out it was very
very sprained and that was real bad
um the knee scabbed up real hard
and did you guys ever um i don't know if
you were scabby boys when you were
growing up but i always i was always
falling into something and getting
covered in scabs and you know how like
when you you get a scab on an elbow or a
knee when you're a kid and then if you
get up or sit down too fast or bend your
arm too fast it cracks the scab in half
yeah i'm doing that a couple times a day
right now so it's like it just feels
like it's never gonna end and it's just
like any time i move the scab on my knee
cracks and it's excruciating
and so the whole left side of my body is
pretty sore um i don't know if it's
gavin sore but it's pretty [__] sore
um it was compounded by the fact that i
don't know if this had happened yet but
you know i was having having the dudes
come in and work on the house uh fixing
up the bedroom and uh i may have even
made a joke about how i thought it was
gonna take like two days and it was
probably gonna take much longer well i
moved back into my bedroom last night
which was wonderful
but um
i underestimated
how difficult my life would be being
kicked out of my own bedroom for a week
like not able to go in at all
uh because it was like a clean room
because they were having to like
de-texture the ceiling and then re-tape
and float and put the whatever the [__]
on the ceiling is to smooth it out and
it took i mean they were [__] working
till like 7 8 9 10 midnight night for
last every night and um
they just i just didn't have access to
my bedroom which means i didn't have
access to my closet i wasn't ready for
that i didn't know when the first guy
walked in and said hey what's up i'm
dave i got muscles and tattoos and i'm
gonna put the trim on your wall i didn't
know that from that point on i would
have no access to my clothes uh or
anything i owned really uh and so i had
been living in one pair of shorts two
pairs of underwear a pair of socks and
three shirts that i just happened to
have in my line but you couldn't just
nip in there no well no it's my closet
it was boarded up like like
my whole the whole room uh was taped off
very heavily because they did the walls
first and then the ceiling and it was
it's all been ceiling work since so i it
was all like taped off in a way
and then like the scaffolding and stuff
which is very heavy it's pushed against
it so i could nip into the room but i
couldn't buy myself move the scaffolding
or any of that stuff
and so i've just been i've been i've
been living like that for a week just
doing laundry every night which is fine
i can live with that but nip to target
and get a few sets of undies yes
jeff is maybe the funniest person to
have this happen to you because you have
a [__] clothing line you have a whole
extensive shirt collection i don't know
based around you i gotta start making
underwear i gotta start making underwear
i have tons of clothes i just didn't
have access to them but i did have some
stuff in the dirty clothes so i made it
work i make i improvise i make it work
that's fine i adapt i overcome i was in
the military i know how to do it uh but
that that like not having access to your
stuff also this is gonna sound really
lame but uh i have two stress relievers
in my life right now that i don't drink
i have bicycles out of the question
there's no way i can't get on my bike
right now so my backup is baseball cards
right i play i
when i get stressed out i organize my
baseball cards i i i sleeve stuff all
locked up in the closet no access to any
any of that [__] it was all in the
closet with the clothes right oh no
so i just had no no way to like relieve
stress
friday saturday i was in bed i could
barely i couldn't really really get out
i had to have my leg elevated it was
swollen uh so my whole weekend was
basically [__] and then bed i don't
know if i i don't know if this had
happened yet but we had to move my king
size mattress and everything our bed
into the library it was the only room in
the house we could fit it which is so
much you know the shelf room as well
right oh yeah yeah well i found out that
uh first off the hot this side of the
house is unbearably hot uh the air
conditioner doesn't work for [__] over
here uh
and uh i knew that i knew that because
they had told me that and they told me
it was unfixable because of the way my
ceiling is built without ripping out my
whole ceiling and now that i have ripped
out a ceiling i have no desire to do
that again anytime soon let me tell you
but i hadn't experienced it uh but now i
spend a week living on a mattress on the
floor like i'm in college again where
like i have to very carefully get out of
my side because
one inch away from the bed is this desk
and this chair and all of this equipment
and i sprained my ankle three or four
more times just trying to get up to pee
in the middle of the night trying to get
like through the jenga of this room so
like i was in a box incredibly
uncomfortable another thing you don't
think about when you when you do when
you displace yourself in your own home
and have complete strangers in your
house half of your house uh for eight to
twelve hours a day every day
for some reason
every spot in this house that i could
stand or sit or occupy space in has a
direct line view to those guys i was
what now that they were watching me just
like every time i turn around no matter
what room i'm in they can see me and i
can see them and it's just really
discombobulating to feel like even
though those guys don't give a [__]
about me they're busy doing their job
but just to feel like every time i turn
around there's dudes i can see people oh
like a window away from me and there's
nothing i could do about it so i just
felt i felt like i was in a fish bowl
for a [__] week then uh
the night before last god damn i was
[__] done with it you know and the
guys were like the guys were like it's
gonna take another day to do the seal to
finish the ceiling it's taking longer
than we thought and emily was like now
get it done tonight we got the painter
coming in tomorrow that's a whole other
thing the guy that did does the trim
doesn't do paint the guy that does the
ceiling does paints the ceiling but
doesn't paint trim so we got to bring in
another guy who paints trim i'm pretty
sure i'm in some sort of a like
uh scam but whatever it's fine you do
what you got to do in austin to get
people into your house to fix stuff
because every house in austin is under
construction and if anybody that's been
in austin and has driven through a na
the one block of the neighborhood can
see that every house in austin is under
construction right now so it's like it's
it's you just you gotta this was like
these were like the 20th people we we
tried to get to even come in to do this
job so it's like [__] it whatever we'll
hire the third guy to paint the trim and
thank god he did because he was lovely
and a boston celtics fan but anyway so i
was ready to go about like nine o'clock
night before last and uh we have these
giant picture windows in the library
that look right into the picture windows
in the bedroom and i and those guys
emily wouldn't let them leave until they
finished they didn't finish till after
midnight and so i just and i couldn't
like i'm not gonna lay in my bed in
front of them and try to go to sleep
so i was kept awake which really sucked
too so i've just been like
uh
i guess you would describe it as
depressed i don't know um emily made
sure i saw my therapist this week uh she
said i wasn't doing well um but that's
not all the bad stuff uh so all that has
just been put that's that's put me in a
state yeah a bit of a low the jock itch
persists oh no
it's never
it got so bad i contacted the doctor
this morning and i'm like listen
i i tried two different rounds of pills
with you guys two different kinds of
creams i'm still getting cream as a
matter of fact i ran out of the cream
you gave me but i had a refill so i just
filled it myself and kept going i'm
trying to to be patient with this thing
but like
is there what like what else can we do
and they were like keep at it put more
cream on
did you tell them it might be some sort
of virus from the lake
[Laughter]
i mean i went there and physically
showed it to him the doctor looked at it
and he goes like yeah like that's that's
jock itch that's tinia as it's called um
but they're kicking they kick it they're
kicking my itch can down the road so i'm
pretty like the left side of my body is
inflamed and exhausted and every time i
stand up or sit down i crack a scab and
the yellow pus drips out and then it has
to move
and it's just it's just brutal and then
the right side of my body is on fire
and so i'm just incredibly uncomfortable
in my own skin and then last night we
moved back into the room and it was like
four hours of lift and heavy furniture
and so today i woke up to
just
every bit of arthritis in my body was
mad at me and so like i could barely
stand because of my spine it just
[__] sucked and uh emily says she can
tell when i'm not doing well because
then she'll walk in a room and i just
have my head in my hands and i don't
realize i'm doing that but oh my god she
said that every time she walks in her
room i have my head in my hands which is
why she was like be sure to go to
therapy this week and talk about this so
i did um but all that that's
out of all that you know we've got the
the jeff's body falling apart bike rick
what would be one other classic thing
that happens to me that we could throw
into the mix house is clearly an issue
hmm i'll let you guess real quickly and
then if nobody's gonna get it i'll just
uh a baseball card fire baseball card
fire that never happens that you're not
gonna get a replacement for
fridge is a fridge is a great one i'll
just uh i picked up millie from school
monday we needed to go to the grocery
store
and uh
so i'm like okay so
head up to the grocery store stop at the
stoplight before the grocery store bam
rear ended come on bam rear-ended i got
[__] rear-ended oh less than a month
after i got my car back from when i
[__] it up and then they took it to
get a certified and then they got into
an accident i get rear-ended again which
is still less than like six months from
when millie got rear-ended my car's been
in three accidents this year what does
everyone have against my car
i have no i [__] dia dude
i mean my car's drivable but it's all
[__] up in the back and i got to go
through this process again where the
only place that'll fix my my kind of car
they still get certified by bmw is 40
minutes away and you got to go down
there and take the car to them and then
they'll evaluate it and then they won't
let you leave it there then you got to
go back home and wait two weeks for them
to i'm in that process again and i was
so [__] excited to be done and have a
[__] healthy car again to now
immediately be starting at scratch all
over again i still haven't even been
able to still go with the insurance it's
not even been able to take it to get
evaluated to see how much it's gonna
cost to repair i'm so [__] done with
this life oh my god that is an endless
stream of [__]
this might be the worst week ever on
face that we've heard from you it's like
groundhog's day man
i just i don't know i don't know and and
i'll be honest with you there's a little
bit of there's a little bit of joy in
here in your misery gav and it would
probably would have felt a little better
if andrew had something bad happen too
because then it's like you know misery
loves company yeah i'm a pretty
miserable guy
but uh
god now i'm just imagining you in the
front seat of your smashed in car with
your head in your heads yeah yeah
yeah yeah i'm just like did it hurt uh
nah i was it was i mean i had a headache
or millie had a headache i had a sore
neck but but it was fine um was this
something that was nothing [__] on their
phone
no i felt so bad it was one of like i'm
pretty sure it was one of millie's high
school classmates she was a kid she was
really sweet and terrified
and i felt bad for i ended up spending
trying to comfort her i'm like listen
this is your first accident and she's
like i'm like you see your car your
parents cards like it's my car my
parents pay for it i'm like that's okay
and then she's like you know i'm like
are you you're not hurt i'm not hurt we
can both drive away this is like if
you're going to get into an accident
this is the first accident to get it
yeah don't worry my car gets rear-ended
once a month this happens to me six
seven times a year apparently so
yeah sign my book of people who have
rerated me this year
yeah
uh this is my car wreck book yeah just
like read a little note maybe
you know so that i'm i'm
i'm feeling i'll be honest with you guys
i'm feeling kind of defeated right now i
love the idea of like a hotel guest book
for your car and everyone is just like a
bunch of blank lines and you just get
people to sign in every time they hit
you i think it's a problem of space
though there's no book big enough that
could fit the volume that jeff gets hit
we're gonna constantly be needing new
paper
all these dates and names there are
demolition derby vehicles that have had
less impact than your car gavin but it
is ridiculous my car has been hit
through no fault of its own three times
this year three [__] times this year
how is that possible oh that's a lot
that's an excessive amount yeah it's
like we're magnetized to [__] oh
so anyway it sucks okay that's my update
so to put a positive spin you're back in
your room yeah i i slept in my own
bedroom last night it was wonderful and
the room that's good is [__] gorgeous
i'll send you guys a picture it looks
like let's see let's see a picture like
a post shelf picture yeah it's here you
go i i let me see if i took any i did
okay here oh that looks so cool yeah
that's worth it is that the best picture
that jeff has ever taken it it looks
like honestly
a photo of a five-star hotel
room that is like the executive suite
yeah did you take that photo i did i did
i did why
that's what happens when i try to take a
photo i will say i'm i genuinely
impressed by your photo taking skills
yeah that's something that you've got on
the on the wide lens yeah it's on the
point five or whatever the only thing is
i didn't take the laundry off the little
bench in front of the bed before i took
it so it's let's get you excuse me
but i was just excited to have laundry
anyway so that's what my bedroom looks
like yeah i don't know if you can really
see the
the stuff on the walls but it's all like
painted the same color the ceilings pin
the same color yeah it's it is worth it
it is worth it oh it's totally it's
totally worth it i'm scrolling up to the
the photo you took before it looks like
an entirely different room it's amazing
how much was it
those choices
you did made i'm really jealous that's
awesome yeah that looks great thank you
so much uh and thank you to the s the
the fleet of people that are required to
to do that like the seven different
companies or whatever we had to hire
yeah i mean you know that so that that
part's nice at least now i'm
convalescing uh and in my my bed in my
space
and uh i i do appreciate that um also
man this [__] i first off a lot of
people coming a lot of people approached
me this week telling us we owe andrew's
mom an apology
[Laughter]
[Music]
we record these pretty far in advance
fyi uh we had already recorded the
follow-up episode to this when this when
last week's episode hit the extra medium
and the end cap episode hit so
andrew and i both had already changed
our minds
and agreed with gavin uh in the previous
the audience hasn't even heard the
episode yet and we've definitely
apologized to andrew's mom at this point
um yeah boy we're getting hammered
pretty hard so
and also also turns out nobody agreed
with us everybody's on gavin's side
almost everybody is on gavin's side
someone came up with it with their own
grid just from my description and it's
pretty much the exact same as mine
except vertical and it looks nicer yeah
eric you must be livid yeah gavin gotta
say i'm not thrilled
[Laughter]
[Music]
i mean it's really shocking when
you're right
you know you're right and then you have
to like really put into perspective
how many people can be wrong in the
world at one time uh
it's really kind of sad i feel sad for
them uh frequently embarrassed for them
that they would be this wrong um
i think that's really kind of what it
boils down to is uh
you know you got to get out there and
and do your best every day um you know
it's it's a team effort and uh
you know it's uh it's not it's not an
individual thing it's it's just you know
you can't you can't let the chatter get
to you you have to go out and just play
the game the best that you can and and
do what you can every time so have you
thought about maybe just opening the
mind maybe seeing what all the fuss is
about yeah yeah again gavin it's like i
said um it's you gotta get out there and
you can't let the naysayers and
detractors
get at you you know you gotta go out
there and do what you know is best and
and do
what you believe in your heart and uh
and just play the game you know how uh
that's i think that's the important part
we i i by the way last week you were
saying how um because we obviously threw
this in the merch chat for a discussion
and you were saying that the only person
who agreed with me in there was maxie
right um yeah that actually wasn't the
case right it's pretty sad to see you
know again i gotta go out and say it's
pretty sad to see so how many people are
wrong how many people you've respected
in your life and uh again there's a lot
of chatter and there's a lot of people
saying a lot of things but it's not up
to them uh you know it's um
it's just uh frankly it's tough it's
tough when you think that uh everyone's
got your best interests at heart and
they don't and uh they're wrong the
whole time so
it's pretty rough sometimes
sometimes it happens with your own
family like when your wife says so
what's this extra medium thing and then
you explain it and she goes no and then
and now you're betrayed you know just on
like a marital level so it's um
it's difficult uh what we skipped by in
in the merch chat last week was we we
said that maxey agreed to me of course
but also tony wrote
extra medium i guess would be
mathematically exactly the measurement
between small and large right yeah and
he'd be wrong about that which is really
like the tough part of the whole thing
you know what i mean
is that you know because we like those
leave it up to yeah that's the thing we
like tony and and it's really hard just
to see him be that wrong
uh the whole time especially from a
merch standpoint you know what i mean
like this is the guy we're trusting with
the face with the face brand yeah you
know what you know what's great about
this conversation we've had it four
times no
it gives me a unique perspective of this
is what it must have been like to listen
to me say i never said i would eat a
pencil is what just happened to watch
somebody just be so clearly wrong and
everybody being against it but an
unwillingness to move in the slightest
this has been a great exercise for me
what a what a crazy time that was
in your defense eric can i say in
commiseration and i've said this before
and i'll say it again i feel dirty
i don't i don't like i don't like what's
happened i don't like that my opinion
has changed i feel like there's
something wrong in me that makes me
agree with gavin and i don't
i don't respect gavin or his opinion
so it's really
it's like it's it sucks dude it's like
there's a like
i'm not doing good internally just
trying to
trying to get over this i get what
you're saying that it's like on a
personal level you know now just imagine
that's just like
a million-fold where you just have to
see that in everyone else and just and
you're embarrassed frankly for all of
those people and it's it's really sad
for them to
live in a world where that's what they
think extra medium is nick said this is
eric's pencil but he doesn't have to eat
a shirt that's true i never committed to
eating anything and i think that's
probably what's gonna let me off here it
sounds as though if i'd have asked
anyone else at the company for an extra
medium i would have been given a medium
so i'm really you know unlocked out with
who i asked
and i think that's the solace that i
have in all of this is that people go
right but it's gavin why did he ask that
way and i'm like right no i understand
oh man
speaking of does it do i guess it's come
out at this point i hope yes it is we'll
have the the premiere will have been i
mean at the point of this recording it's
tomorrow but um it'll the first two
episodes will be out by the time
this episode is out um so we'll take a
break and then record some more we had a
great meeting to come up with like the
rest of the season like a great meeting
about that so i'm excited to do more
does it do yeah it was it felt like
maybe a preview of uh of what office day
is gonna be like tomorrow because
tomorrow's our first office day as well
and it was me eric and andrew gavin
didn't show for some reason but uh we
went through what was on your calendar i
assume when was that tuesday we did the
meeting it's tuesday tuesday from one to
two years calendar yeah we talked about
it uh in the last recording uh we
scheduled it and everything you were
there uh but it was like it was like one
of the most fruitful meetings we've ever
had we went through all the products for
the rest of the season and we came up
with all the props and all the tests and
everything and i'm i'm
i was excited about does it do before
just with the idea of when i came up
with it and then i was really excited
after we filmed the first two episodes
uh more so episode two than one except
that two was stronger but i'm way more
excited now because the stuff that like
that we were coming up with together was
so much better it's so funny i i'm
really excited to get back in there and
film again so that meeting has haunted
me
yeah in an unexpected way jeff yeah i
talked to gavin that evening okay and i
talked to him about the meeting and i
said uh we had a meeting today we're
talking about things for the show how it
do what and then he corrected me and i
was so embarrassed and i'm still living
in that embarrassment i haven't stopped
thinking about the fact that i said how
it do as the show name to him yeah so it
is
yeah
it was so bad
i feel so bad about it
how old are you
what was going on with your brain there
i don't know maybe i think there's a
graphic in the first one or how it works
mate i don't know it was just my brain
was somewhere else yeah i don't know i
don't know where it was but it was bad
it was an embarrassing moment that i
haven't been able to stop thinking about
how it do
well i haven't thought about it since 10
seconds after you said it but i'm glad
it's been awarding you no i yeah it's i
knew i know it's one of those literally
it's all i've been thinking about for
two days constantly how it do what an
idiot
so tomorrow is our uh is our office day
first office day is everybody gonna show
up or is everybody gonna be there what
time is that i mean right now we were
gonna hit baseballs from 10 to 12 but
now we're not so we can just move it and
go noon to four or we can do 11 to four
i mean we have we have like some space
to play but yeah i'm free for it's my
whole day i have my whole day
uh marked off for it i'm i when i was
like is everybody gonna i was more uh it
was very pointedly uh uh
focused at gavin yeah i understand yeah
i'm free after 11.
okay awesome that's very exciting all
right i will uh i will make an
adjustment to the calendar invite
fantastic i'm excited i don't know
what's what that's gonna bring but i'm
excited for it did you guys see this uh
image on instagram the other day emily
showed no i said it in the slack it's uh
somebody naked person in the background
i mean i think it's somebody who's
probably wearing shorts but uh it's
somebody sent it to the face instagram
and it's uh
somebody named elizabeth and uh it
appears that they got a go go now tattoo
on their finger
which that's awesome we were so excited
about
um
emily me uh tamara and gogo now joey uh
are all gonna go get that tattoo we're
all gonna go get that tattoo on our
fingers together uh to commemorate the
event we're pretty excited are you gonna
do it on the same finger yeah i think so
i got roommates i think so i don't know
i feel like it should be on the on the
index i was going to say yeah like a
pointer finger yeah it's like it should
be the finger the point it's like
getting a move on yeah let's go go now
go here pointing oh yeah i can do that
that's a good point i well maybe they
were looking to hide it a little bit
more but that's fair i'm i'm all about i
mean there's no hiding my tattoos so
yeah i'll get it on my index finger for
sure that's a great point was is that
the middle finger that they did it on i
think so because i respect that too i
guess like go go now [__] yourself
yeah that's that's the different
instruction yeah exactly i really like
it on the middle finger yeah maybe keep
it in the middle good point i think no
matter what finger you put it on it
works it's a great it's a fantastic
tattoo anyway so i just wanted to
shout out to elizabeth for getting that
tattoo and uh just so you know we're all
gonna rip off your tattoo and get it
ourselves too
the crew that was on the boat that
survived
[Applause]
one of my favorite things to do when i'm
playing a game or just even browsing
stuff online is to have a podcast or
music going recently i've been listening
to a lot of 90s canadian music it's been
great one of the best parts of the
experience has been using my raycon
wireless earbuds to do it raycon's
everyday earbuds look feel and sound
better than ever with optimized gel tips
for the perfect in-ear fit these earbuds
are so comfortable and they will not
budge trust me they also have incredible
battery life they give you eight hours
of playtime and 32 hours of battery life
so i'm never worried about them dying
it's great in that respect and raycons
are priced just right you get quality
audio at half the price of other premium
audio brands it's no wonder raycon
everyday earbuds have over 50 000
5 star reviews other things i love about
these earbuds they're three customizable
sound profiles you have pure sound which
is perfect for podcasting balance sound
which is great for classical jazz blues
rock pop folk and bass sound which is
great for hip hop edm rb reggae it's
fantastic so no matter what you're
listening to you will have the optimal
experience with one of these sound
profiles also noise isolation is another
fantastic features of these being able
to block everything else out and just
focus in on what you're trying to listen
to it's awesome raycons are great i use
them on the go i use them just relaxing
at home doesn't matter what i'm
listening to music podcast it's
fantastic so go to buy raycon.com face
today to get fifteen percent off your
raycon order that's buy raycon dot com
face to score fifteen percent off buy
raycon.com
face
it's summer lighten up
dad grass is great anytime they can help
you chill out before a big meeting or be
a new replacement to that evening glass
of wine they are the perfect pairing to
everything summer has to offer that
grass is legal organic hemp that relaxes
your body and mellows your mind dead
grass cbd products are made with 100
percent organic hemp that's easy to dose
and the effects come on smooth they
offer a variety of products from their
token smokable pre-roll joints as well
as hemp flour and variety of cbd
tincture drops enjoy the effects of cbd
while keeping a clear head all dadgrass
products are federally legal for ages 18
and over and it ships right to your door
anywhere in the u.s
go to dadgrass.com face to check out
their products whether you're looking
for a new buzz or a chill way to enjoy
an old favorite dad grass will leave you
in a euphoric mood right now dadgrass is
offering our listeners 20 off your first
order when you go to dadgrass.com
face go to dadgrass.com face for 20 off
your first order that's dadgrass.com
face today's episode is sponsored by
honey the easy way to save when shopping
on your iphone or computer i shop online
all the time and so i prefer to buy
essentially everything whether it's
clothes
uh tech stuff groceries you name it i
like to shop online the issue is though
i never know what the promo codes are
searching for them is such a hassle but
thanks to honey manually searching for
coupon codes is the thing of the past
honey is the free shopping tool that
scours the internet for promo codes and
applies the best one it finds to your
cart now imagine you're shopping on one
of your favorite sites when you check
out the honey button appears and all you
have to do is click apply coupons wait a
few seconds as honey searches for
coupons you can find for that site if
honey finds a working coupon you'll
watch the prices drop now i've saved
money using this on clothes
food items
tech it's fantastic it's a great product
it's so easy to use it's simple to
install
it's fantastic honey doesn't just work
on your desktop either it also works in
your iphone too just activate it on
safari on your phone and save on the go
if you don't already have honey you can
be straight up missing out and by
getting it you'll be doing yourself a
solid and supporting the show i never
recommend something i don't use
get honey for free at joinhoney.com
face that's join honey.com
face
i had an interesting thing happen that i
feel like i need i feel like i need to
tell the story because there's a
possibility that somebody could have
this happen to them it was a fascinating
it was a few days ago just a normal
night i got a call from my mom she said
hi
uh there's something wrong with the tv
can you come can you come fix this i was
like well what's going on what's wrong
because i assume if it's broken to the
point where she's calling i'm assuming
i'm not gonna be able to fix it because
she's not tech savvy but it's not
you know it's an extreme call yeah she's
like i don't want to talk about this
over the phone you have to come over
here you have to fix this oh no and i
said okay
so
i went to her place
and i look at the tv and as soon as i
look at the tv i'm greeted with
an image
of the vancouver child kicker skateboard
in my closet and i'm i'm thinking like
what how did what is going on how did
this happen
i was expecting it to just be like a
pixel issue why is a photo i took
on this television and so i said what
were you doing on on
the tv and she said i was watching
disney plus
i said okay
so you're on and then i put all the
pieces together what had happened was
for christmas i bought her an amazon
fire stick because she wasn't able to
watch disney plus and she wanted to
watch only murders in the building so
she watches disney plus through the fire
stick i got an email maybe like two or
three months ago from amazon
saying hey
we have like amazon photos if you use
our app we'll give you a 15 gift card so
i signed up for that and when i i signed
up it immediately
just
transferred all of my camera roll onto
their service oh so
so then i'm piecing together oh so so
this is so it's my cam it must be the
amazon photo thing so i said how did
this happen she said well i got up to
use the bathroom and i came back
and all these photos were on the screen
and the first photo that appeared when
she came back was a photo of my driver's
license because i guess i took a photo
to sign up for like a medical app or
like a coveted thing in the past right
like send in a government id to register
for it
she thought that her tv was like hacked
by anonymous she thought that this was
a deep that's why she didn't want to
tell me over the phone she thought it
was like an enemy of the state like
somebody had hacked yeah she she was
convinced because it was like all these
personal photos
and i have never been more relieved that
my camera roll was filled with just
things that make me laugh because i
could just see in my head for certain
people how disastrous this could have
been
so i sorted out i turned off the screen
saver mode for it went into amazon
photos got rid of my my camera roll
deleted everything but i just a warning
to people if you have amazon photos
and there's somebody in your life that
is using your amazon account through a
stick or whatever
just be aware just be cautious because
that could be
that could be such a bad scenario
catastrophic for you it could have been
disastrous we
we have that we have one of those little
like uh amazon uh like alexa tv things
in the kitchen
and uh we set that up to so that we
could put like emily wanted to put like
photos of the dogs and stuff will dog
now and stuff in there and uh when she
left after the first day she set it up i
just filled it with pictures of her
sleeping with her mouth open that i've
taken
[Laughter]
so then she did the same so now if you
ever come to my house just look at the
screensaver on the amazon because it's
just us [__] with each other uh
trying to one-up each other with more
embarrassing things
oh that's fantastic oh
that's great well i'm glad gene
hackman's not trying to hack your mom
is that a good movie enemy of the state
yeah i haven't seen it in such a long
time i mean i haven't seen it since it
came out but i remember enjoying it were
you having to quickly think of all the
stuff in your camera roll like the
moment you saw that on there were you
just like in a panic like how am i no
like i i kind of i as i said my i know
what my camera roll is
it's just it's 99 things that made me
laugh and then like the occasional
picture of like face merch that they're
like said to a family member or
something being like look at this this
is cool like a boy's a zimmer type thing
yeah um yeah no i was more relieved it
wasn't me processing what was there it
was the relief of knowing that there was
nothing i would be embarrassed about on
that camera
it was a huge sense of relief it was
like winning a thing that you didn't
know you entered it was great
i just felt it was important to share
because i could there's so many versions
in a weird way it was almost
disappointment that it wasn't more
embarrassing what was on the screen
because it would be a funnier story mine
would have had a bunch of pictures of my
ass
bruise as i've been tracking it slowly
change shape
what's the current shape oh it's pretty
much gone okay well don't worry buddy
we're filming does it do again pretty
soon could i do it from like can i sit
down
you cannot flop all over the goddamn
place if you want yeah
every every one of those spills you took
was 100 self-imposed yep oh 100
real dumb and impressive
that one where you kicked the tv that
was very good
i don't even think the bad one was in
episode one i think the bad ones in
episode two yeah it was in episode two
it was during the race
yeah when i thought i was i was so s
when i heard you hit i was so convinced
i was gonna turn around and see your
like wrist snapped in half
oh god man i've been thinking
this game it hurts so much more after
than it did at the time as well like it
kind of hurt at the time because i was
like but the pain went away and then
just later that night i was just like
i uh i've been thinking about um i've
been thinking about uh getting into
downhill mountain biking
what no yeah yeah i've been thinking
about it pretty seriously um absolutely
not that sounds like a terrible idea my
therapist does downhill mountain biking
and i've been thinking about it for a
long time and i i got i got i got really
kind of keyed up on it the idea last
week to the point where i was even
looking at bikes and there's a place
called spider mountain up northwest of
here that i thought i could go try that
has like a ski lift and stuff
and i was figuring like i'm not trying
to hit like 20 foot jumps or anything
but i could hit some like six seven foot
jumps and i you know in my older age i
can like i could take like the i don't
know like the blue line down not the
black diamond or whatever i figured i
could probably handle that clearly uh
not today um i need to recover a little
bit first but i was i i finally i've
been kind of hiding it but i kind of i
decided to admit it to emily that i was
seriously thinking about doing this and
uh
you know looking to get get into that
and she she was like i'm gonna show you
a photo she was like just yesterday i i
was cutting one of my clients hair and
he showed me his arm and on his arm were
five giant scars like giant scars and i
asked like what in the hell happened his
uh his like he went on vacation he went
up to like i don't know somewhere where
they have mountain biking zion or
somewhere and uh decided by himself he
was gonna like get into mountain biking
same thing as me like dude probably in
his 40s or something uh just saw some
tick tocks thought it looked cool
and uh it was like wife was out of town
or something so he just said like i'm
gonna have a trip by myself i'm gonna go
up and do something i want to do
and uh she showed me a photo of him
above the hill smiling and waving at the
selfie
and then she showed me a picture of an
arm that i [__] you not looked like an
accordion
oh god god his arm was in it went like
it went like
it went like from the elbow up like
maybe three inches and then to the right
and then far to the left and then to the
right and then back to the left again
and then there was a wrist the dude
broke his arm in so many different
places it was like
they had
it was like they were doing like
experimental surgery to fix it because
nobody ever [__] their arm up that bad
and he was by himself
and he uh he had to drive like i don't
know 20 miles a car with a accordion arm
to get to a hospital and so
that's slowing me down a little bit but
uh
yeah i don't yeah can we vote on this
now yeah i mean it's a unanimous no you
shouldn't do that
i don't get how you have a session
and your entire point of session is that
everything in your body is broken and
the walk away point is maybe i should
get into downhill mountain biking yeah i
don't understand how that gets suggested
uh well it didn't get suggested i
suggested it i see and they're like
yeah i've known for a while my therapist
mountain bikes um it's something we talk
about sometimes we both love bicycles so
it's like a common point of conversation
on occasion i still think i'm still that
definitely slowed me down that and my
knee have and my ankle have definitely
slowed no i don't want to mountain bike
with my therapist i just want a mountain
bike
but i yeah i uh i'm still considering it
i don't know
thanks for the feedback uh okay i'll
tell you that you guys are on the fence
i want to throw some weight on this to
slow you down further so the accordion
arm guy right he crashed had to drive
now imagine in that drive you're gonna
be in 25 car accidents from point a to
point b so you need to factor that into
the paint
this is not you you're the least you're
the least not qualified isn't the right
word but you are the the like the the
number one not candidate for doing this
but you should be at the bottom of the
list that's how i'll get to the
ambulance faster
[Laughter]
jeff i want us i want to side with you i
think you should give it a shot like
thanks man yeah man so we are hitting
baseballs tomorrow or not no i don't
think oh okay and that was because of
oh
i'm still pretty i'm still okay i
honestly so is a curb that okay no i
still say yes i'm still gonna go yeah
yeah but there's there's not gonna be
any curbs on the mountain you're gonna
be like jeff kent is what's gonna happen
you're not gonna be able to hit
baseballs because you broke your wrist
doing wheelies on a bike
this is a disaster your baseball career
is being impacted by this it would be a
disaster if this ended my baseball
career but to be fair we could end up
with a new bike jumps done out of this
i think we will would we'll we'll see i
don't know i'm not in a hurry to get
back on my on my bike on the street
right now so we could potentially watch
an arm become an accordion in slow
motion i don't want to see that in slow
motion i don't either oh man
[Laughter]
my best friend in the army when he was
in high school he was a big skateboarder
and uh oh god he oh no
he was he was filming uh like skatepark
skateboard parts with his friends uh
when he was like 16. and he like i don't
know what he did i don't remember what
the trick trick was i think it was just
like a like a rail grind or something it
wasn't crazy it wasn't even down steps
or anything it wasn't like a flat rail
uh but he like he slipped and landed
wrong and he snapped his arm in half his
and uh from about i would say about
halfway up the up the forearm and so it
was like and there's a video he showed
me in the army of him screaming and
holding his arm and running around in a
circle not knowing what to do while his
arm was just like flopping around in
every different direction uh before i
guess they stopped filming oh that's
terrible yeah
no
that was um that was a mtv show when i
was growing up was it scarred mtv scars
it was just yeah the only thing i
remember i was always too scared to
watch it but i remember watching it a
little bit i remember there was one
where a guy was like grinding down a
rail and then he fell and the rail had
like a slice lip at like the edge of it
and he like cut his ball sack open on
impact like it was that was bad it's a
bad show oh there's a shirt that's hard
to believe that was just on tv like
middle of the day how could that be
televised i don't know i never i was too
scared to watch it so i don't maybe it
wasn't as graphic maybe it was like all
they would like lead in and like explain
it but not show anything but
it was just not it was not what i was
interested in it's terrible there's a
line it's where
physical comedy becomes not funny at all
i feel like wipeout is sort of the sweet
spot or jackasses yes is maybe even
better i don't know
as soon as it's permanent as soon as you
watch something permanent happen it's
not funny to me yeah
that's so weird maybe it shows how poor
my priorities are if i'm okay i try to
laugh immediately on impact mainly for
everybody else
like when i i fell out of that share
heart immediate laughter just because it
it's loud i need everyone notes
okay uh i was telling eric all this [__]
earlier in the week we were recording uh
one of the other podcasts and uh the
austin one and he told me he was like
well you're gonna i guess you're gonna
get a root canal next week and let me
tell you if i don't show up for face
recording next week it's because
this is the only way i won't show up for
fish recording this week it's because
it will be if i wake up monday or
tuesday morning with a toothache and i
find out i do need a root canal i'm
going off the grid and nobody will ever
see me again i'm just walking away from
this life i'm just gonna walk away i'm
gonna be like the incredible i'm gonna
be like i'm gonna be like bill bixby at
the end of the an episode of incredible
hulk i'm just gonna walk away and then
or like what's his face carradine in
kung fu you'll never see me again that's
it that's my exit from this life i just
i will quit i will throw up on my hands
and quit you an appointment next week
for that for a root canal no i'm just
saying like are you going to the dentist
no i got nothing i got nothing okay but
it's like if if you had a left field
yeah no it's just like if this if this
trend continues the house problem
jeff falls off his bike [__] ra rash
issues but like if it
car accident like it's either it's
either fridge or root canal and if and
if one of the fridge i can live with if
root canal happens next week that's it
i'm done i'm done i'm that's a wrap on
jeff
yeah you're living you're living several
of my
nightmares i don't know if you ever
watched did you see the night of as an
hbo miniseries oh about the cab driver
yeah i watched that first episode john
tuturo is in that and he plays a lawyer
and it's like an eight-episode arc and
it's about this murder and trying to
figure out what happened but there's a
subplot through the entire series of he
just has a rash that will not go away
and it gets progressively worse with
stress
and it's just this this commentary i
don't know how accurate it is but it
seemed like dealing with rashes just is
the worst thing ever no creams worked
none of the pills worked just him
bouncing from doctor to doctor not
getting any resolution having to go to
like weird uh like street vendors to
find unorthodox methods of healing
you're living my fear of having one of
these rashes that just will not go away
yeah
it's fascinating it's been fascinating
to observe this andrew and i played halo
the other night for the first time in
a few months and um
he said something kind of insane to me
was this inhaler was this like post uh
podcast i said that you'd hit like
you said you'd hit like 320 000 gamer
score or something oh my god oh are you
talking about what we this was a
different
what we said after the podcast it might
have been post podcast yeah
and uh and he and andrew was just like i
bet by the end of the year i could get
and in my head i'm just filling in i'm
like i bet he he thinks he can get 400
000 by the end of the year
the guy says i bet by the end of the
year i could hit a million what so the
conversation was what i'm glad that
there's a time difference between us
because there are times where i have
burger confidence burger confidence will
often hit at around 10 30 p.m for you
guys which is not i don't feel
comfortable i don't want to disturb you
i'm not going to text that time i had
this thought where it's like i shouldn't
maybe i bet i could hit a million points
i should make a bet with gavin that i
could hit a million game or score i'm at
like 320 000 right now i bet you i could
do this and then some time passed i
realized nah it's ridiculous there's no
way i could do it but then
and describing to gavin this moment of
burger confidence i re then believed
that i could do it i was back in i was
like this seems possible i'm gonna give
this a go as soon as we stop recording i
loaded up paw patrol it's getting some
achievements we're finalizing details
it's not it's economically i think i
could do it for a game have to beat like
six games a day every day until the end
of the year yeah well it seems like but
like not even you don't need a thousand
points per game necessarily i think
there are so many probably like 30
minute 600 point games it's a cost issue
i was willing to take the bet like if it
was going to be 400 000 i would have
been like yeah you know i mean i maybe
put like 500 bucks into that bet he said
a million i was like i'll give you ten
thousand dollars if you do that and then
he was trying to he was trying to figure
out what he would what he would have to
do if he didn't make it and i just
suggested
uh run the marathon and he was like no
[Laughter]
so your conversation with gavin like
rehydrated your burger confidence
essentially
how many so we have a friend named ray
who used to work with us who has a
pretty pretty lofty gamer score has he
hit a million yet oh he's going i think
he's over two million oh okay well [__]
maybe you can do it
i just found it so funny that he wasn't
even the first person to hit a million
gamer score who has the name rey
yeah that's pretty funny we met that
other dude right
yeah stallion yeah he's great yeah he's
a nice guy
yeah i mean
i'm inclined to believe you could do it
as well it's a [__] lofty goal i
think seven hundred seven uh [__] dude
[__] four
you really think you can i yeah i think
you don't think you've blown through all
the fast games already no because i
stopped doing that like 360 era so i
feel like i have all of xbox one and the
current generation to work with i have a
few on xbox one that are like the easy
ones but you would never be able to go
outside no i don't think it would be as
extensive as you think there's a lot of
like in an hour get a thousand point
games and i haven't done the extensive
research to know how many of them there
are i could be so wrong and that i think
there's hundreds where there isn't but
you couldn't even write 20 000 things
down
i don't know what that has to do with
anything that's just a side fact
so how much gamer score are you going to
need i'd need like 680 000. 680 000
gamer score and what month this is
september so you have five months to get
well this was okay this is a week ago
since uh well probably coming in on two
decades and i've got 95 000
score
yeah i think you kind of suck though i
suck though but still
that's so much it is a lot i thought
gavin was going to bring up what
happened in halo because halo recently
added rank doubles and we haven't played
in a very long time
so i thought oh it'd be fun to do
because when it came out we did ranked
and that was fun so why don't we do we
qualify you have to play 10 games and
then you get qualified for your rank
uh and it was double specifically which
is a new playlist we went through the 10
games gavin your previous rank was gold4
what is your current rank after playing
10 games where did it place you
um can you before he answers can you
just go because i haven't done it uh and
i imagine a lot of the audience doesn't
know what the [__] that means what is
the scale so it starts
i think bronze is as low as you can go
okay and it goes bronze one through five
and then silver one through five so is
five the highest bronze and then five is
the highest bronze it goes in silver one
silver one yeah you go through that
scale all the way up i think it goes
silver gold platinum
and then i want to say then it's onyx
right i don't think there's a diamond i
think platinum and then the highest
level is onyx oh it's a platinum maybe
there is i don't remember i think you
just skipped it because you were onyx
once
i worked i my first ranking was gold
four and then i slow that was the rank
it gave me after my ten games and i was
slowly able to climb gold five and then
i eventually got platinum one was the
highest i've been okay and uh here's
diamond and last night or the night
before i got ranked
silva four
it's the most disappointed i've ever
heard gavin in my life now yeah i was
ready for something shitty but that made
me sad do you think that's because of
your ankles
i don't think so why wha what what do
you ascribe your
dramatic drop in halo score too not very
good
[Music]
do you think you've gotten worse or did
people get better
i hope it's the second one
i went up one so last time we did this i
was platinum one i got ranked platinum
two
so i went up one level and gavin got
dropped down an entire class
i don't know if if the audience is going
to pick up on this but i've known gavin
for a very long time there is so much
legitimate pain in the way he said those
things like that was there was a lot of
really subtle but raw
raw emotion
in that in fact this is this has got to
be
you've you must be crestfallen
what makes it what makes it even funnier
[Laughter]
so you're old your body's falling apart
and you suck at halo
it's like we're twins
so many outs
so many outs to say like i was
distracted by this or this thing
happened or whatever
what made it so enjoyable was the fact
he had to play 10 games to get that you
had to put in so much effort to just be
disappointed and insulted
oh
and this is my it's my favorite game i
love hayla
i was gonna as a joke delete the game
after that happened but then i
remembered it's like 120 gig game and i
really don't want to read that
oh i'm sorry buddy it's uh
well you know you probably the
hand-eye coordination is probably not
what it used to be in your body and uh
you know the eyes they
as you get older they they lose a little
bit of their sharpness so uh
all right i'm gonna try and get to gold
this week yeah let's let's try to get
you there yeah do you think you think
that now do you
do you think a strict regimen of
practice and playing will help or would
you would it be easier to build a time
machine um
yeah it's kind of what i'm thinking too
probably more plausible too that's the
luck though
i really want andrew to try and get a
million before the end of the year
though i did financially is like if i
was looking at i did a little bit of
research and it seemed like some of the
easiest games the average price is like
ten dollars so i have to buy like 600
games i'm looking at 6 000 minimum what
if we tried to buy like someone's bulk
video game collection off ebay like all
pre used
i think most of these easy gamer score
games never had a physical release ah
it's a tough thing to work around i'm
not opposed to it i could get 400 000
uh how long could that reasonably take
uh tuesday i think half a million has
got to be the goal half a million yeah i
think a million is impossible yeah i
think a million is half a million i
would sneeze at half a million that's
easy i could do that no problem yeah and
if you don't you have to run the
marathon no we never said that that was
pretty i mean that was off the table
before so wait uh
i feel like legitimate bet forming i
think yeah i agree there's some half a
million half a million gamer score by
january 1st
uh 2023. okay you are at what right now
i'm at like 328 000. so you need you
need to get roughly uh
180 000.
oh it's so easy between now and which is
the equivalent of a
how is that 180 games yes 329
currently so you have to you have 100
roughly 200 games to do this yeah in
five months oh that's that's so easy now
what it gav what what are you prepared
surely you're not going for the full 10
000 for such a paltry gamer scores 500
uh half a million wha what what are you
prepared to to pony up um i mean what
was fair probably like a thousand ah
he's going to do it though
he's
what if it's not money what if it's
something
i don't know what do you think audrey i
have no idea i feel weird about the
i'm not going to request money i do
think it's funny that we cut it in half
and you cut the amount by 90
that was a fascinating move well i was
basically i thought i would give 500
probability a thousand and then yeah you
went 500 000 so i just doubled it um
i don't know i did offer
rights to my gamer tag he said i could
pick his new game attack if he does yeah
i can't change it unless that was
something i put up now that's
interesting see i don't like that i
don't like the money angle i think it's
better if it's punishment or something
like that yeah why don't we keep money
out of it i have to do something if you
do it and you have to let me change your
gamertag if you don't i well then
it become i don't know we'll think about
it we'll see if we can think of
something all right we're in the early
stages of this
there might be something here what what
if gavin
if if you do it gavin can only wear
large shirts for
two months
no
oh that's pretty good no pretty good
if i'm buying a hundred and he has to
take and he has to take a photo in a
large shirt and send it to you every day
to prove that he's in a large shirt
no
dude
that's not worth it i think you're
underestimating how miserable that's
gonna make gavin specifically probably
yeah i just don't that's not a trade i
would make okay well listen we can keep
keep working uh behind the scenes to
figure this out and maybe we can come up
with a solution by next uh episode
recording but you're running the clock
is ticking while we figure out what uh
what the reward punishments will be how
long have you had andrew penton as a
gamertag uh
uh
2008. okay
it's been a while long time quite a long
time i would never personally change it
well you better uh you better get half a
million gamers for them i can't believe
that i'm gonna end both of these [__]
recordings rushing to play paw patrol
that's the the shock of the year
well so you're going to be starting
before you decided to bet we talked
about that the previous time because as
jeff said i'm running low no but i said
under the assumption that this will be a
thing i need to start getting reps in
i'm running out of time we're now in q4
is that right oh no that's not true
that's not right next month next month's
q4 okay maybe it's maybe it starts q4
maybe yeah we'll work it out we'll
figure it out i think there's something
here good deal i think maybe something
in person like maybe gavin has to
deliver something to your door or
no that doesn't that doesn't move the
needle for me gavin having to leave
america get in a plane go all the way to
canada with his busy schedule to then
like i don't know clean your bathroom
that way yeah like it's a it's an
incredible inconvenience and imposition
to him yeah let me buy a hazmat soon
[Laughter]
i'll schedule a lunch
and then i'll get a great i'll get a
miss a guilt basket eric eric really
wants us to stop talking he's told us to
wrap up 30 times uh so we should
probably do that thank you uh for
listening to another episode of the face
podcast number 120 uh tune in next week
if if there's no podcast it's because i
walked away
bye don't walk away
please don't hey guys major league fan
jack here with a look at next week's
episode of face check out the butthole
tupperware the gang talks about their
favorite japanese foods is it burzoy the
longest dog how are patton's ankles
let's assume the guys talk about medium
some more and once again andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's episode of face